DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development

---
- **4/18/20** Added Box2D
   - Still need to figure out how to use it
   - Decided not to use PretzelGui (for now) and just use Cinder's GUI
- **4/19/20** Add blocks class, add function declarations in snake_app
   - Need to add code to the blocks class to work
   - Need to figure out how to draw shapes from Box2D in Cinder
- **4/20/20** Add code to Blocks class, try to allow user to control using keys
   - ~~Still need to figure out how to successfully move blocks (not reacting right now)~~
   - Try to find out how to draw Box2D objects in Cinder
     - Figured out how to draw using Cinder functions, but want to see if there is a equivalent function for Box2D
   - Get objects to move, but want to have blocks interact
     - Make it so pushing one block will push the other one if they are in contact
   - Need to figure out how to put walls on either side of the window
- **4/21/20** Create/draw walls on boundary of screen
   - Still need to find out how to draw Box2D objects more effectively
   - Should find a way to detect the collisions instead of using magic numbers
- **4/26/20** Fix units to allow blocks to move faster
   - Still need to figure out spikes
   - Tried changing the colors/background to make more visually pleasing
   - Not sure what to do about the gap between the two blocks

Commit message:

Add spike graphics and update DEVELOPMENT.md
Add all spike graphics in my_app (no collision detection yet). Update
DEVELOPMENT.md with progress so far. Fix some small graphic details, like
having flashing "press SPACE to begin" text on home screen. Fix line lengths
and add more comments.

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development

---
- **4/18/20** Added Box2D
   - Still need to figure out how to use it
   - Decided not to use PretzelGui (for now) and just use Cinder's GUI
- **4/19/20** Add blocks class, add function declarations in snake_app
   - Need to add code to the blocks class to work
   - Need to figure out how to draw shapes from Box2D in Cinder
- **4/20/20** Add code to Blocks class, try to allow user to control using keys
   - ~~Still need to figure out how to successfully move blocks (not reacting right now)~~
   - Try to find out how to draw Box2D objects in Cinder
     - Figured out how to draw using Cinder functions, but want to see if there is a equivalent function for Box2D
   - Get objects to move, but want to have blocks interact
     - Make it so pushing one block will push the other one if they are in contact
   - ~~Need to figure out how to put walls on either side of the window~~
- **4/21/20** Create/draw walls on boundary of screen
   - Still need to find out how to draw Box2D objects more effectively
   - Should find a way to detect the collisions instead of using magic numbers
- **4/26/20** Fix units to allow blocks to move faster
   - ~~Still need to figure out spikes~~
   - Tried changing the colors/background to make more visually pleasing
   - Not sure what to do about the gap between the two blocks
- **4/27/20** Add spike graphics but need to fix details
   - Add spike graphics in my_app.cc
   - To do:
     - [ ] Figure out why blocks have gap
     - [ ] Make block movements less sensitive
     - [ ] Figure out why DrawSpikes() changes the color of the background
     - [ ] Detect collisions still
     - [ ] Add score/leaderboard
